✨(admin) allow to search users by username in django admin (#219)
openfun/ashley: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - allow to search users by username in Django admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- allow to search users by any of its meaningful fields in Django admin
```
